Review Importing & Exporting Objects how-to (#4568)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/appstore/general/app-store-content.md

There are three ways to install a Marketplace component:

* [Download]( #downloading) the component from the Marketplace within Studio Pro – this works for all types of marketplace components, except [app services](/appstore/app-services/)

> * [Import](#import) the component from the **App Explorer** – this works for [connectors](/appstore/connectors/), [modules](/appstore/modules/) (including [add-on and solution modules](/refguide/consume-add-on-modules-and-solutions/)), and [app services](/appstore/app-services/)

Reviewer: I'm not sure this link fits here. The other links are pointing to actual connectors, modules, and app services - not to instructions on how to consume them. I would remove the link - and then put it back in when we know where the documentation for these add-on modules and solutions is going to be.

```suggestion
* [Import](#import) the component from the **App Explorer** – this works for [connectors](/appstore/connectors/), [modules](/appstore/modules/) (including add-on modules and solutions), and [app services](/appstore/app-services/)
```

Reviewer: This applies in lots of other places in the document. I haven't made comments on all of them.

Author: I will change it to this link: /refguide/module-settings/#module-type
I think users need an easy-to-find explanation what the differences are between module types.

* [Manually add](#add) the component into the app directory – this only works for [widgets](/appstore/widgets/) and [add-on modules](/refguide/consume-add-on-modules-and-solutions/)

> ### 3.1 Downloading Content from the Marketplace Within Studio Pro {#downloading}

Reviewer: I would just put one link in this document - here. Or perhaps another one for **3.2** if that makes more sense.
```suggestion
### 3.1 Downloading Content from the Marketplace Within Studio Pro {#downloading}

{{% alert color="info" %}}
For additional information about importing add-on modules and solutions, see [Consuming Add-on Modules and Solutions]((/refguide/consume-add-on-modules-and-solutions/).
{{% /alert %}}
```

Author: If I replace add-on and solution modules links with this one: /refguide/module-settings/#module-type it might not be necessary. I agree that consuming is not the best document to refer to.

### 3.2 Importing Content from the App Explorer {#import}

> {{% alert color="info" %}}This procedure works for [connectors](/appstore/connectors/), [modules](/appstore/modules/) (including [add-on and solution modules](/refguide/consume-add-on-modules-and-solutions/)), and [app services](/appstore/app-services/).{{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: I think we can just say "all content"?
```suggestion
{{% alert color="info" %}}This procedure works for importing all content.{{% /alert %}}
```

Author: I am not sure if it's all content. I see that under content type in the Marketplace, widgets, templates, and platform services are listed as well.

Reviewer: OK - leave it as is. I thought that widgets were a sort of module, but let's let the Marketplace people sort it out!
